We want to make this start new game button work and then display these action buttons. To do so we need
to hook it up to an event listener,
so here on the button with start new game on it,
we want to listen to the click event
and I can do this with v-on click or the shortcut, just @click to listen to a click event.
Now here, I want to execute the code or I want to run the code which should get executed when we ever,
whenever we click this button.
Now I could simply set
game is running to true here
but actually that's not all I want to do here,
hence since I can only write one expression here
and anyways I shouldn't put too much code in my template,
I will simply execute the start game method, putting the reference here like this.
And in my app.js, I therefore add my methods object to the vue instance and here I add the start game function,
like this.
So this is the start
game function here and in this function, I want to set this game is running to true.
I also want to set the player health to 100 in case we already had a game running before and it wasn't
100 anymore
and the same is of course true for the monster health which should now also be 100 again.
So this is the start game function
and if we save this now and reload the application and we click start new game, it correctly switches
to displaying the other buttons instead,
great.
So the game is running, the players are initialized,
time to make these action buttons work and actually start hitting each other.